
1) What was the point made by Bill Gates in his Open Letter to Hobbyists?

Bill Gates starts by mentioning the fact that the hobby market is lacking in good software courses, 
books and softwares themselves. In addition to the lack of software owners who cannot understand programming 
are a waste to the potential computers bring to the world. He appended on the subject the fact that hobbyists 
like himself have worked years to develop a program that works and features no bugs and made it free. He believes 
that Microsoft is the only one that invested a lot of money into hobby software and that hobbyists who, as an  
example: re-sell Altair BASIC or other hobbyist created programs ruin the image they have created upon themselves. 

2) What did Richard Stallman describe as an ethical dilemma?

In his life, Richard Stallman has gradually manifested hostility towards the idea of intellectual property and restricted 
software. In the early 80s, modern computers of that age needed proprietary operating systems. Owners of those types of 
systems tried to control and restrict their users, not allowing them to share the system with anyone one. That was the ideology  
that Richard Stallman refused to adopt, instead he chose to go against it. If restricting users to share systems and reducing the  
potential that computers had to offer was doing the opposite of helping the world then his plan of developing a system that could  
be distributed would definitely help the planet and its future. He believed that it was morally correct to distribute knowledge,  
encourage its user to share it and then form a community then to restrict the knowledge. Both ideologies clashed and it created a moral dilemma. 


3) What are the freedoms that enable people to form a community?

They are many key points to building a community but there are some that help enable people to be free and not restricted by others. 
For the society that is interested in computers or businesses, there are some program developers that restrict the users and 
there are some that donates the liberty to them. Those that wish to give freedom encourage users to make changes to their programs 
that they created shared for free. Those that make changes are also encouraged to redistribute the program whether they improved it 
or completely changed its goal to be beneficial to the community formed. As long as anyone is not charged for improving a program, 
the community remains free and will always receive the freedom to modify and then potentially be useful to the entire world which will 
begin a chain of endless improvements as long as the users have the liberty to change the programs. 
